Are you okay?
Were you walking without opening your eyes?
Can my clothes sink in and be raised higher? You just need to do your hair?
Let me check it for you? What are you doing?
Your little beauty? I have to let you see it all and make me pay for it?
Can you tell me the truth with your feet?
Because you came here to pretend to be me?
What's your attitude? Can I have a relationship with you if I am you?
Okay, okay? I’ll help you get fired like this?
Miss, do you want to fire me?
It seems like it's not your turn to decide yet, right?
Really? Yin Da?
What's the matter, stewardess? Your original worker dreamed of wearing my clothes?
Still the least
Why don't you fire him too?
Xiaoxia, please don’t fire me
Why do you fire me?
I don't even have a current job
I didn’t go back to the party and company regulations.
taste it
A person to meet
Don't say anything about cheating money and sex
Quickly beat him away
what are you talking nonsense
When did I cheat money?
It's you, the stranger, who deceived me
Years of early youth
You make money with me
Other companies are struggling
And cheating soldiers out of money
Can you think of the company going to Zhao Li?
Should I be fired? Let’s see.
Why don't you leave now?
Leave quickly
What are you doing?
why are you here